under extra rinsing for creating white
boats ride handling and comfort at sea
are all key differentiators a gritty
white promises to its owners so we've
created the short video featuring the
285 freedom duel console to illustrate
the superb sea keeping you'll enjoy as a
greedy white owner while you may not
plan to be out even a moderately choppy
conditions it's almost inevitable that
you will if you spend enough time on the
water when that time comes we hope that
you find yourself aboard an unsinkable
grady white the kindest gentlest save
his family boat of its type in the world
the first thing you'll experience
getting underway and your grady white is
just how easily it gets on plane with
the bow down and good seated visibility
at the wheel in this case running at
just 10 to 11 miles an hour which is
less than 10 knots
well many of our competitors have to run
at 18 or 19 knots just to get on plane a
gradient will run fully on plane at a
much lower speed that creates a huge
advantage in terms of get home speed on
one engine when operating in very rough
water or when simply wanting to joy the
scenery passing by in a more casual pace
a well balanced all runs smoothly into
the waves and rolls moderately with
gentle motion in the trough and tracks
with little effort when running down see
here we're overtaking awake which is
akin to running down the back of a wave
and you'll notice the boat is steering
itself with very little course
correction required the grady white just
naturally goes in the direction you
pointed here we are at 28 to 30 knots
running into a steep chop it's perfectly
comfortable running at the speed in
these conditions and the boat is
handling the waves with great
nonchalance unlike our competition the
hull has generous dead rise forward just
where it's needed
where wave impact predominates you also
won't find a dryer boat than a Grady
thanks to the precisely positioned in
proportion hull streaks and shine flats
and the generous bow flare forward this
lets you enjoy the sea breeze more often
with the curtains rolled up situational
awareness is also much improved since
you can see better through a windshield
that naturally stays drier and doesn't
constantly need the wipers going
nothing is more important in a fast
family boat than being a complete
control when in a high-speed turn with
the rudder hardover here we are running
at over 30 knots and there's absolutely
no tendency for the stern to slide out
from underneath us rather handling is
perfectly predictable and the boat heals
just enough so the centrifugal force is
directed down through your feet rather
than off to the side these
characteristics make the Grady bow safe
and comfortable for everyone on board
lying to in a trough a boat can be too
stable snap rolling from side to side or
it can be marginally stable rolling
deeply and slowly with every wave
encounter the Grady's roll period is
just right with the chine immersion dead
rise and the boat center of gravity
combining to create gentle comfortable
motions whether you're playing a fish
are just taking in the view close
observation tells us that some boats run
well into the waves and some run well
down sea but rarely does any boat run
well in all directions to the sea the
Grady is that rare boat and here we see
the 285 running down sea with only the
slightest course correction required to
stay positioned precisely alongside
another boat while the sharp entry
provides a silky smooth ride into the
waves it also provides plenty of lift
and buoyancy to prevent excessive
forefoot immersion and bow steering when
running down sea along with is superb
ride and tracking capability a Grady's
agility and absolutely predictable
handling are a constant source of
pleasure for even the most experienced
boat handler nothing inspires confidence
more than knowing with certitude how
your boat will respond in advance of a
course change or wave encounter when you
can safely and comfortably use your boat
in sea conditions that are simply beyond
the capacity of our competitors when the
28 footer of this video makes lighter
work of seas than most 36 footers this
becomes a real value proposition feel
the difference for yourself ask a friend
who already owns a Grady for a rough
water jot offshore or see your dealer
for a test
right I'm Eric Sorensen for Grady white
boats
you